[Autogenerated] remember that Java e applications are not stand alone.
What does it mean?
When we saw Java s E examples,
we wrote a main method and plastic lives to execute
these main method a Java e application.
Ana is not run like that.
Each runs a in an application server.
So it means that in a Java e application, I do not have a main method.
The main method is in fact, in the application server.
I do not see eat as a developer.
They are lots off application servers around.
Think about Tomcat by the Apache Foundation glass fish developed by
Oracle J Bus developed by Red Hat who have logic.
Also,
they loved by Oracle webs for by IBM and many others are so to be able
to run the application we are working on a eclipse needs to connect to one of the servers and use it as a runner